Project Description



What is the problem you are solving?
Businesses or your audience care about problems. Make the problem clear and relatable

- 

What tools did you use?
Python? GeoPanadas? Google Big Query?
Tell your audience how you got the answer,  tools show your capability
Dive deep in this in your technical  article
- 

What insights did you or do you want to discover? What Solutions do you want to offer? Do People even need these solutions?
Don’t just say “dashboard done.”
Share the “aha!” moments, they matter more that the visuals

-


How would a business or a community (for Social Impact Projects) benefit from your work?
Be specific. Think money saved, process improves, better decisions made
That’s your real value
-

How will you deploy your project
- Lovable : https://lovable.dev/
- Firebase Studio : https://firebase.studio/
- GitHub Pages :https://pages.github.com/


            AUTO AID
   Description
This is an app that is designed to help car owners deal with vehicle mechanical errrors.
People will be able to upload photos and videos to help the web app understand their problem.
It will help people connect with credible and qualified shops and mechanics around them.
    TOOLS USED
Python.
    REASON
It is reliable and very convinient.
It is the only tool so far well interacted with.

   PROBLEM SOLVING
We look forward to make car maintenance simple and convenient for everyone.
Car maintenance should be easy and it should be possible to avert future breakdowns and vehicle complications.
We are able to recommend people to verified and reliable shops.
We connect people to the qualified mechanics.
Car owners can make better decisions.
Car owners save time and money.
   WHY AUTO AID
Our accurate solutions and predictions are without comparison.
We cover a market gap no other website or app covers making us unique and up to the task.
We prioritise customer experince.
We look forward to making car maintenance easy,cheap and a smooth experince.
We coonect car owners to places with genuine parts.
    WHY PEOPLE NEED US
We are able to cover knowledge gaps and prevent consumer exploitation.
We are able to avert future car breakdowns.
we help people do DIY and make car maintenance easy as compared to modern day difficulties in vehicle maintenance.
We connect people to credible mechanics and shops for spares.
We save time and money.
   SOCIAL IMPACT
Fast and easy vehicle maintenance makes the society safer on the roads.
Job creation for mechanics and businesses.
Globalization whereby we connect people like mechanics and customers.
Economic boost especially where spare parts will have a wider market. 
    OBJECTIVES
Reducing road accidents caused by mechanical failures.
Creating jobs for the youth.
Reducing the knowledge gap especially in car maintenace.
Providing car owners with credible data and connecting them with qualified technicians.
    PROJECT DEPLOYMENT
Use of lovable and firebase studio.
Github pages can be used where necessary.
